gentleman yields back mr. gates the will
of the American people also elected
Donald Trump to be the president the
United States in the 2016 election and
there's one party that can't seem to get
over it now we understand the fact that
in 2018
you took the House of Representatives
and we haven't spent our time during
your tenure in power trying to remove
the speaker of the house trying to dia
legitimize your ability to govern
frankly we'd love to govern with you
we'd love to pass us DMCA we'd love to
put out a helping hand to our seniors
and lower prescription drug prices it's
the will of the people you ignore when
you continue down this terrible road of
impeachment professor Gerhardt you gave
money to Barack Obama right my family
did yes four times I that sounds about
right Mike yes mr. Chairman I have a
series unanimous consent requests
relating to Professor Feldman's work the
first Noah Feldman Trump's wiretap
tweets raise the risk of impeach Verte
impeachment blue gentleman will suspend
time will take that time off as the
gentleman submitted have we seen those
material we can provide it to you as it
stood and we'll consider the unanimous
consent request later after we continue
Thank You mr. chairman mr. Feldman wrote
articles entitled Trump's wiretap tweets
raised risk of impeachment he then wrote
mar-a-lago ad belongs an impeachment
file and then mr. Jake Flanagan wrote in
in courts a Harvard Law professor thinks
Trump could be impeached over fake news
accusations my question professor
Feldman is since you seem to believe
that the basis for impeachment is even
broader than the basis that my
Democratic colleagues have laid forward
do you believe you're outside of the
political mainstream on the question of
impeachment
I believe that impeachment is warranted
whenever the president abuses his power
for personal benefit or to corrupt the
democratic process
did you write an article entitled it's
hard to take impeachment seriously now
yes I did right then did you write
tonight since in since 2018 the term
election House Democrats have made it
painfully clear that discussing
impeachment is primarily or even
exclusively a tool to weaken president
Trump's chances in 2020 did you write
those words until this call in July 25th
I was an impeachment skeptic changed my
mind sir and 48 your testimony
professor Carlin you gave 2,000 bucks or
you gave a thousand bucks they Elizabeth
Warren right I believe so you gave 1,200
bucks to Barack Obama I have no reason
to question that and you gave 2,000
bucks to Hillary Clinton that's correct
I'm so much more for Hillary than the
other two because I've been giving a lot
of money to charity recently because of
all of the poor people in the United
States well those aren't the only those
aren't the only folks you've been given
to now you you have you ever been on a
podcast called versus Trump I think I
was on a live panel that the people who
ran the podcast called versus Trump on
that do you remember saying the
following liberals tend to cluster more
conservatives especially very
conservative people tend to spread out
more perhaps because they don't even
want to be around themselves did you say
that yes I did do you understand how
that reflects contempt on people who are
conservative know what I was talking
about there was the natural tendency if
you put the quote in context the natural
tendency of a compactness requirement to
favor a party whose voters are more
spread out well and so I just have to
say when you talk about how liberals
want to be around each other in cluster
and conservatives don't want to be
around each other and so they have to
spread out
it makes people you may not see this
from you know like the ivory towers of
your law school but it makes actual
people in this country when you like
you've met all get to interrupt me on
this time now let me also suggest that
when you invoke the president's son's
name here here when you try to make a
little joke out of referencing Barron
Trump
does not lend credibility to your
argument it makes you look mean
it makes you look like you're attacking
someone's family the minor child of the
President of the United States so let's
see if we can get into the facts to all
of the witnesses if you have personal
knowledge of a single material fact of
the shift report please raise your hand
and let the record reflect no personal
knowledge of a single fact and you know
what that continues on the tradition
that we saw from Adam Schiff where
ambassador Taylor could not identify an
impeachable offense mr. Kent never met
with the president fionna he'll never
heard the president referenced anything
regarding military aid mr. Hale was
unaware of any nefarious activity with a
colonel vin Minh even rejected the
Democrat talking point that bribery was
invoked here ambassador Volcker denied
that there was a quid pro quo and mr.
Morrison since there was nothing wrong
on the call the only direct evidence
came from Gordon Sandlin who spoke to
the president United States and the
president said I want nothing no quid
pro quo and you know what if wiretapping
the political opponents in these four
things I look for general because maybe
it's a different person that we should
be teaching I know me this time is
expired